Remove references to old versions (#730)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/configure-layer-7-nginx-load-balancer.md

  rancher/rancher:latest
```

> Note that privileged access is [required.](../../pages-for-subheaders/rancher-on-a-single-node-with-docker.md#privileged-access-for-rancher)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This operation requires [privileged access](../../pages-for-subheaders/rancher-on-a-single-node-with-docker.md#privileged-access-for-rancher).
```

There's a lot of passive voice in this page.
